# Terms of Service

7th March, 2012.

The donaldjenkins.com website (“Website”) is a hosted service operated by donaldjenkins.com (“donaldjenkins.com”). Any use of the Website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms and Conditions”), as well as to <a href="http://donaldjenkins.com/legal/" title="Provisions of donaldjenkins.com’s Privacy Policy">donaldjenkins.com’s Privacy Policy and the Website Licensing Policy, all of which are incorporated by reference into these Terms and Conditions. Your use of the Website will constitute your acceptance of these terms and conditions.

**Responsibility of Contributors**. If you comment via the article comment boxes, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, computer software or any other format in which donaldjenkins.com stores data. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

- the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
-  if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
- you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
-  the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
- the Content is not spam, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
- the Content is not obscene or libellous, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party; and
-  you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorised and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by donaldjenkins.com or otherwise.

By submitting Content to donaldjenkins.com for inclusion on the Website, for example posting a comment, you grant donaldjenkins.com a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your Content. If you request to delete Content, donaldjenkins.com will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.

Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, donaldjenkins.com has the right (though not the obligation) to, at donaldjenkins.com’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content, such as a comment, that, in donaldjenkins.com’s reasonable opinion, violates any donaldjenkins.com policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in donaldjenkins.com’s sole discretion.

**Responsibility of Website Visitors**. donaldjenkins.com has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, donaldjenkins.com does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. donaldjenkins.com disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.

**Content Posted on Other Websites**. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which donaldjenkins.com links, and that link to donaldjenkins.com. donaldjenkins.com does not have any control over those non-donaldjenkins.com websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-donaldjenkins.com website or webpage, donaldjenkins.com does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.

donaldjenkins.com disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non- donaldjenkins.com websites and webpages.

**Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy**. As donaldjenkins.com <a href="/legal/license/" title="See the licensing policy for this site">asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by donaldjenkins.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify donaldjenkins.com in accordance with <a href="http://donaldjenkins.com/legal/dmca" title="provisions of donaldjenkins.com's Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy">donaldjenkins.com's Digital Millennium Copyright Act (” DMCA”) Policy. donaldjenkins.com will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of donaldjenkins.com or others, donaldjenkins.com may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Website.

**Changes**. The Website, including without limitation all content there available and these Terms and Conditions, may be changed at the sole discretion of donaldjenkins.com and without notice. You are bound by any such updates or changes, including but not limited to those affecting these Terms and Conditions, and so should periodically review these Terms and Conditions.

**Limitation of warranties of donaldjenkins.com, its suppliers and its licensors**. Except as otherwise expressly stated, all content posted to or available from the Website is provided “as is”, and donaldjenkins.com, its suppliers and its licensors make no representations or warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non- infringement of proprietary rights. You understand and agree that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk, and that donaldjenkins.com, its suppliers and its licensors will have no liability or responsibility for any damage to your computer system or data that results from the download or use of such content or services. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above may not apply to you.

**Limitation of liability of donaldjenkins.com, its suppliers and its licensors**. Except as otherwise expressly stated, in no event will donaldjenkins.com, its suppliers or its licensors be liable to you or any other party for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, regardless of the basis or nature of the claim, resulting from any use of the Website, or the contents thereof or of any hyperlinked website including without limitation any lost profits, business interruption, loss of data or otherwise, even if donaldjenkins.com, its suppliers or its licensors were expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will the aggregate liability for any and all of your claims against donaldjenkins.com, its suppliers and its licensors arising out of or related to use of the Website, or the contents thereof or of any hyperlinked website exceed the amounts actually paid by you to donaldjenkins.com during the 12-month period prior to the date a claim is made. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for certain incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations may not apply to you. The parties agree that this Section 11 represents a reasonable allocation of risk.

**General Representation and Warranty**. You represent and warrant that your use of the Website will be in accordance with the donaldjenkins.com Privacy Policy, with these Terms and Conditions, with any applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside, and with any other applicable policy or terms and conditions.

**Indemnification**. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless donaldjenkins.com, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to out of your violation of any representation or warranty contained in these Terms and Conditions.

**Miscellaneous**. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between donaldjenkins.com and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of donaldjenkins.com, or by the posting by donaldjenkins.com of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, these Terms and Conditions, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of New York, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of these Terms and Conditions or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under these Terms and Conditions to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms; donaldjenkins.com may assign its rights under these Terms and Conditions without condition. These Terms and Conditions will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

Attribution for the above Terms of Service goes to <a href="http://wordpress.com/tos" target="*blank" title="WordPress's hosting cum blogging package">WordPress.com's Terms of Service, and is protected under the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/" target="*blank" title="View the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Generic license">Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Generic license.

## [Separate Appendix] Licensing policy for donaldjenkins.com

The copyright in this website and the material on this website (including without limitation the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material on this website) are owned by Donald Jenkins.

The design and computer code are copyright-protected. The remainder of the material on the website is shared under a Creative Commons license.

Any material appearing on this website to which Donald Jenkins does not own the copyright is either in the public domain, shared with the consent of its owners or used in the form of Fair Use legal, non-licensed citation or incorporation of copyrighted material. Any incidence to the contrary should be reported on the DMCA Page.

The main font, Freight Sans Pro by Joshua Darden, is licensed from Typekit. The photograph on the 404 Page Not Found page is copyright © Karthik on Flickr and is reproduced by permission.

Emmy, a font by Emily Conners the licence for which was purchased from MyFonts, is used for the logo and the front page icons.

## Design | CSS | Blog theme: all rights reserved — copyright 2005– 2018 Donald Jenkins

The computer code on this website (hereinafter, ‘the Copyright Content’) is owned by Donald Jenkins. You are granted a worldwide non-exclusive royalty-free revocable license to view this website and the material on this website on a computer or mobile device via a web browser; copy and store this website and the material on this website in your web browser cache memory; and print pages from this website for your own personal and non-commercial use.

Donald Jenkins does not grant you any other rights in relation to the Copyright Content. In other words, all other rights relating to the Copyright Content, as defined hereinabove, are reserved.

For the avoidance of doubt, you must not adapt, edit, change, transform, publish, republish, distribute, redistribute the Copyright Content on this website without Donald Jenkins’s prior written permission. You may request permission to use the copyright materials on this website by using the Contact Form or by post at the address specified at the DMCA Page.

## All other content: may be shared under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License

The content of this website, donaldjenkins.com by Donald Jenkins, other than the Copyright Content as defined hereinabove, is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be requested by using the Contact Form or by post at the address specified at the DMCA reporting page.

This means you are free to share (to copy, distribute and transmit the work) and/or to remix (to adapt the work) under the following conditions:

**Attribution**: You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).

**Non-commercial**: You may not use this work for commercial purposes.

 **Share alike**: If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting work only under the same or similar license to this one.

 **Waiver**: Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright holder.

**Public Domain**: Where the work or any of its elements is in the public domain under applicable law, that status is in no way affected by the license.

**Other Rights**: In no way are any of the following rights affected by the license: (1) Your fair dealing or fair use rights, or other applicable copyright exceptions and limitations; (2) The author’s moral rights; (3) Rights other persons may have either in the work itself or in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.

**Notice**: For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this is with a link to this web page.

## Terms of Service

The same license applies to photographs stored on Donald’s Flickr account.